it seems like in America today studies have shown that the vast majority
of us suffer from some degree of self doubt and sometimes this is
manifest in a way that people can tell that the person is lacking in
self confidence or have self doubt sometimes it's masked by exaggerating
your sense of eagle insufficient since sufficiency in trying
to override the self doubt you're feeling inside but in any case when
you start to feel self doubt I think the best thing you can do is
always refer back it's what I do anyways refer back two people with
whom you're working knowing that you're part of a team you have an obligation
to support them and carry your own load but they have an obligation
to support you as well so when you feeling self doubt just
think about grief at the team and how many people are there to to back
you up in call for on them for help if you need it